I'm trying to solve lots of different problems that are very educationally
oriented. So, I want to bring technology to the classroom. I noticed
that when I was in school, that the lectures were boring, from
teachers, you know, writing up there on the blackboard, that the books,
you know, they're kind of dry and you know, the words are plain.
and then I go home and I see entertainment. I watch YouTube videos
and I watch Netflix and I'm, you know, like, the videos that I watch
are like, very educationally oriented. You know, I watch physics videos
and I watch computer science videos so I try to, I would like
to bring that style of education into the classroom because it's more
interesting. So, I'm trying to solve that problem when it comes to
things that I want to see come in the future.